[Music]
if you have a good quality score you'll
notice that it's cheaper to run your
advertising
they just only focus on their ad copy
[Music]
so you actually also have to be specific
with your targeting
what about on your landing page what
about post checkout what about your
follow-up sequences your upsells your
down cells
all right we're going to talk about if
your ad quality score still matters in
2023 your quality score is how a Google
or a bing when you're running ads on
their platforms is how they score your
ads it's basically scored on a scale of
one to ten there's a lot of factors that
they look at to determine whether your
ad should be shown above other people we
wanted to talk about if this stuff still
matters because it's 2023 and quality
score has been around for a while it
does matter if you have a good quality
score you'll notice that it's cheaper to
run your advertising and you'll get more
conversions the big thing that people
make a mistake on is they just only
focus on their ad copy and the targeting
but they don't focus on their website
the landing page the experience that
they're driving to those people who are
getting or who are clicking on the ads
the other thing that they also don't
Focus up on is enough is rotating up
their ads just because certain texts or
images work right now for you it doesn't
mean that they're going to continually
perform the same way in the future you
need to continually rotate things up
change it and by it being a little bit
more fresh what you'll see is at least
what we're seeing is you start getting
better clicks over time quality score
still maintains really well and it's
just fresh versus just using the same
old stale stuff for months yep so a
couple things I mean with marketing when
it comes to Quality score you got to
make sure you're picking the right
keywords okay that's kind of one-on-one
if you're saying hey like come buy dog
food and then a landing page that says
cat food
there's a mismatch over there right so
it seems like a dull statement but some
people screw that up and then you got to
think about the copy like the way you're
talking about it like if you're speaking
premium language and then on the or
let's actually go back when Eric said
dog food and then showing cat food or
vice versa where a lot of companies
screw up is they have an ad for a nail
and someone's looking for a nail with a
hammer and they're showing nails on
people's fingernails for like hey here's
some press on nails or whatnot see you
actually also have to be specific with
your targeting is it Apple the food
someone's looking for are they looking
for Apple the computer the key thing
here is if you want to play the game
well you have to continue to optimize
that's all it really is at the end of
the day yeah and and marketing a lot of
people get metrics from places like
Google or SEO tool or whatever platform
you're using like Facebook ads and
people like oh my metrics are really
good there well they're good there but
your marketing shouldn't stop what about
on your landing page what about post
checkout what about your follow-up
sequences your upsells your downsells
you can't just rely on hey my ad
campaigns are running well you got to
optimize your whole funnel and the whole
experience and the funnel doesn't end
with someone buying it continually goes
because people should try to continually
buy from you if you look at like
companies like Amazon they make the
majority of their revenue from repeat
purchases it's not someone coming be
like hey I'm buying from Amazon it's no
I bought from Amazon and every week I'm
buying new stuff we buy toilet paper
from there toothpaste from there
literally everything baby lotion uh
shampoo we buy all our essentials from
Amazon that's a great example of them
getting a customer in once and then
continually generating more and more
revenue from them I remember when I was
24 years old I had one of my first
internet marketing jobs I was working an
e-commerce store I was running the ads
again we're selling lighting mind you
this is first month into my first
internet marketing job and I got into
argument with the owner and so the
quality score on one of my ads was a 10
okay so I was like look at the Quality
score it's a 10. it's like they didn't
drive any conversions I was like no he's
like he's like and it doesn't matter but
I was like but the quality score is a
10. and so I was like look at the click
through rate look at the Quality score
at the end of the day what matters is is
it actually converting you have to take
that into account yeah and that's what
people get wrong like they're optimizing
for just one metric instead of really
thinking about the customer and how to
make money for a business marketing is
not about getting people to your website
or getting more followers marketing is
about driving revenue and building
Brands and the brands relate to or cause
more Revenue in the long run and if
you're not doing that with your
marketing then something's wrong and the
other marketing thing we'll leave you
with is marketing's job is to bring you
to the point of sale if you're not
bringing them to the point of sale then
you're you're stopping them along the
way and you are actually screwing up the
point of sale that is it for today
please don't forget to rate review
subscribe also hit us on YouTube as well
and we will talk to you later now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
it tell people about it thank you very
much